[Autogenerated] So what is the composed tool?
Well, they like to summarize it this way.
It's kubernetes plus Docker Compose and put those two
together and you get composed kind of creative,
actually, on the naming now.
Officially, they define it this way,
though composes a tool to help users familiar with
Docker Compose moved to Kubernetes.
It takes a Docker Compose file and translates it into kubernetes.
Resource is, and it does it very quickly and efficiently, I'm gonna add.
It's very easy to use, provides a minimal amount of flexibility,
but some flexibility, and we'll even deal with things like volume types.
Now, why would I want to use the composed tool?
Well,
obviously I have a Docker Compose file and I want to
migrate that or move it translated.
Whatever you wanna call it into kubernetes Yamil files,
that's a lot of work to do on your own.
I mentioned this a little bit earlier in the course,
and while it certainly could be done with things like code snippets,
there's some of those available, for example,
in ves code, it still would require quite a bit of work,
especially if you're Docker Compose.
YAML file has a lot of services in.
It may be a lot of volumes, environment,
variables and all the other things that go with that.
So what we can do with this tool,
then is run it through this composed convert command that we're
gonna learn about that will then by default,
generate Kubernetes services and deployments.
Now you can override that, actually, And if you wanted to do,
for example, Damon sets, that's a possibility,
and there's even some others.
But the default is what most of us would be after,
and that is services and deployments.
What's really nice about it, though, is, for example, with the services.
If you had several ports that are available for a given Docker Compose services,
really the container that's running the course,
then it would translate those ports and put them in the deployment.
But then,
to allow communication between all of the pods that
will run with the deployments, it would set up the necessary services.
So if you had, for example,
a front end application and he needs to talk to a back end API,
it will automatically configure the services to make that happen.
And then, with a little more work,
you could even add a load balancer in front of that.
If you'd like, it'll even deal with things like volumes.
The default is if it sees a volume and Docker Compose.
It'll convert that into a persistent volume and then generate
the appropriate volume claiming things.
But you can override that.
And if you wanted something to be a config map for some reason
or another type of resource like host path,
then you could do that as well.
So there's a few overrides we'll talk about and
I'll show you some of those flags.
So that's the general idea.
And what I love about it,
because I've used it on several projects over the years,
is that literally in under a second,
I can either have a single file generated with all
these resource is or multiple files.
I normally prefer multiple files, but it's great to have that automated for me.
Now, as I mentioned in the introduction to this module at the end,
we're gonna look at the generated Yamil and yeah,
there's gonna be some things you'll probably want to change their going to AD CS
quite a few labels that have the word composing the label,
and you may or may not want that,
but at least it will save you all the pain of doing the initial
conversion because it's a lot easier to modify something than it
is obviously to do it all from scratch.
So now that we've talked through what the composed tool is, let's go ahead and see how we can get it installed.